all right how's it going welcome to a
Minecraft map called cheat to finish
this video is brought to you by our
sponsor actually not me or one of my
projects for once brought to you by
Dreamhack the gaming convention or more
specifically the award show there that
I'll be hosting this Sunday at 4 p.m.
Pacific time 7 p.m. Eastern Time
midnight UK time and you can extrapolate
your timezone from there I have to
actually leave the house for something
it's crazy it's my first time hosting an
orgy show hopefully it'll go well there
should be a twitch stream for it so I'll
link all the info in the description if
you end up interested in checking it out
and that said let's start this map off
where I guess we're supposed to cheat in
order to complete it so let's do it
start it drop it level number 1 yikes
that's a messy inventory do something
about it you can only use clear oh it is
a messy inventory that's just my hotbar
wasn't messy so I was like what are you
talking about ok I'm pretty sure I just
do slash clear yep alright starting us
off nice and slow I see I want some
diamonds can you make it happen
of course / give CaptainSparklez
minecraft you have to put the T on the
end in here I know it's ridiculous
diamonds yeah I did also I just want to
make note this is minecraft 112 so some
of the syntax I think is gonna be
different here and that might mess me up
a bit but anyway so what are we doing
now how are you gonna get up there oh
there I see you only use effect I can
give myself jump boost right you just
have to remember I think that's effect
Captain spar goals minecraft
I think it's jump underscore boost just
maybe we'll see if it works and then I
always forget what order is the
magnitude of the effect and the duration
I don't know which comes first so I'll
just do like 10 and 10 and hope that it
gives me 10 seconds of intensity 10 it
worked oh my god wait is that's like the
perfect height bro I'm a genius oh I'm
so good this map already I'm so good at
cheating 3 points if you hit the button
you can only use /give or / replace item
so give myself a bow right
probably slash give them sparkles
minecraft bow and then I'm probably
gonna need an arrow but I'll just do a
stack of them because I'm gonna miss
first try cuz that's just me and never
mind I'm not gonna miss I'm too good oh
my god there's like a hundred bad scary
to them okay so you can only use slash
I'm alive and one of these times I'm
gonna be super convinced I have a
command right and there's gonna have
been a syntax change since I last used
it and I'm gonna be really upset because
I'm gonna be like I'm doing it right
what is going wrong type equals mine
Freya Matt at least we're at still 1.12
was past when they stopped using just
numbers as item IDs and they got into
the name so at least four there and this
worked brilliant
that's impossible to get up there right
you can only use /tp okay okay can I use
looking at no it's too far away for f3
to be looking at so we have to estimate
how high that is what do you think like
forty blocks probably really batted no
it's probably less than forty thirty
let's just do I mean even if I even if
it's 39 TP to 40 I'll be alive so
there's no way that that is 23 blocks
lower than 40 that's like misjudgment
but we good I feel lonely I want cool
thanks for that one I appreciate it
there I guess there was no way I was
surviving that you can only use /summon
feel lonely I want a dog that would be a
minecraft wolf do I have to give it a
tamed tag though cuz I don't know how to
do that
summon minecraft easy peasy lemon
squeezy boys you that's oh hey buddy how
you doing dude so happy to have a
companion here anyway you that's
disgusting quick change it into diamonds
you know
/ replace item I actually just used this
for the first time the other day when I
was on my sub server because what I
wanted to do was I wanted to do this
battle arena one versus like everyone
else on the server like they were all
trying to assault me and I had really
good armor but they only had iron armor
plus an iron sword so I won them to hit
a button that would teleport them to the
battle arena but also equipped them with
the armor and the sword in their
inventory and I had to use replace item
for it and now I have to try to remember
how I did that because one was a hotbar
command I think it was something like
replace item you do entity if you want
it to be a person or player and then
it's who's like slot dot lose like slot
armor and then slot dot was it slot
hopper or slight dot inventory Oh God
slot dot hotbar dot and I know it starts
at 0 and then and minecraft diamond and
these so oh I have to put my name after
entity I think sparkles big plays boys
and now I just have to keep doing it
does it need to be a stack in each might
have to be a stacking agent so let me
just add 64 here and then if I have to
go back I have to go back to the first
one no I got this dude thing I would
have had to actually look this one up if
it weren't her having done this on the
server just a couple days ago and it
took me a little while to figure that
one out on the server and the server is
a whole beast of its own because /tp
doesn't work so it took ages for someone
to be like hey just use slash teleport
okay that worked all spelled out so okay
ha now it's impossible to get up there
you can only use set block I mean I
could probably just like set blocks of
stone like at my feet and then just hop
up or something and get up there or
maybe you could set water but I don't
know what the coordinate location is
Honore is that close enough nope looking
at still I can work if I estimated
though like maybe that's yeah I think
ten boys just do water ten blocks up
let's give it a try let's think outside
the blocks here rather than just doing
it with just me hopping and probably
just pushing myself off over time let's
see so it's /setblock minecraft
okay but if I set a block next to it
then I think it should update the water
and start flowing down and then
minecraft stone yeah that's what I'm
talking about boys there we go
and God good at estimating distances it
was ten blocks there we go level number
ten you can only use slash effects okay
well that would be like effect clear
CaptainSparklez I'm pretty sure slash
effect and he cleared happy fat how is
it having sparkles clear I could have
sworn its effect clear CaptainSparklez
maybe that is actually the syntax in
like 1.13 1.14 that's just what i'm most
used to or maybe just guy completely
backwards level number eleven can you
get rid of these blocks that kind of in
the way you slash fill all right buddy
I'm glad that you didn't get suffocated
that would have been a bummer okay so
what do we want to guess this is move
it's really tough when you're in
Adventure mode and you can't see the
lines separating the blocks so we kind
of got it yes this one and just gonna
like one two three or five six seven
eight is it nine guess if I over shoot
with air it doesn't really matter so
that seems like nine and then which way
is like positive that's positive x
that's positive Z and what it okay so
the whirring the part that I'm worried
about here is if I go too low if I go
too low then we're gonna have a bad time
and I'm just gonna open this up the void
but let's assume that it is a cube it
kind of looks like it would be so buddy
I'm hope I don't send you into the void
right now it's kind of line up here
it'll do slash fill from my current
location - 9 negative 9 9 minecraft err
oh my god I'm good that was freaking
professional right there brah okay
alright
so it was it was in fact the cube wait a
minute actually
oh I counted wrong I actually wait or I
might not have counted if it was a cube
though I actually didn't do the correct
command because I didn't account for the
fact that I was standing on top of the
block so if it was a cube and I wanted
to perfectly get it I would have needed
to do one extra in the y-direction I
would have been negative 10 for a 9 by 9
by 9 cube so I don't know okay let's not
worry about it worked out I didn't open
up a hold of the void so it's fine
/xp we're gonna need some XPS but I
don't see any mobs here isn't it just
like /xp Kevin sparkles lots of it
whoops that's not my name as far as not
a valid number oh is it even more simple
is it just yes it is it is it is that
simple
all right power that command block and
we can continue you can only use slash
block data well here we are boys this is
where it all falls apart I've never used
slash block data before and I have no
idea which what do I do here yeah I'm
just gonna dive just got it that's gonna
be one that I have to look I don't even
know the syntax of a block data command
so a couple interesting facts I've
learned one the block data command
doesn't exist anymore after 1.12 so it's
obsolete and B there's is I don't really
know I
there's not why would someone be looking
up online how to power a command block
with a command when you just put a
redstone block next to it so I'm not
really able to find anything on the
topic other than trying to look up what
the different states are fitting blocks
and there's one that's um so if I go I
believe it's powered true and I'm
standing on top of it using relative to
just do the block below me does that
even work
it didn't spit out an error but it
didn't beat the stage again what happens
is we do it again the data tag did not
change so I did actually do it
condition met 0b Auto 0b custom name at
Howard 1b I wonder if I have to like
change that powered thing to something
else what if I do okay hold on if I do
power it equals false and then I do that
again okay changed powered from one be
to zero be interesting what's the what's
the auto and what's the condition net
what if those are other data values and
I could just try let's try Auto true
okay okay well that's that mm-hmm yep
deductive reasoning to figure out syntax
that's always the best way to do it uh
cool yeah I get a sharpness five on a
diamond sword somehow I don't care how
but just get it okay well you kind of do
care how because you say you can only
use slash give or slash and chance I
mean you can just do it all with the
slash gift come in right so but the
syntax on that I'm definitely gonna have
to move it with snare real quick one sec
so before 1.13 you actually have to give
ID values in the enchant field when
you're summoning an item that you want
to already have enchantments on it so
yeah it's I just wouldn't I wouldn't
gotten that one
the top of my head you just don't know
what you don't know right that would and
there we go as sharp is five diamond
sword except it didn't work I did what
you asked
get a sharpness five diamond sword I
don't care how but just get it well that
was a lie
well we do have a reset button okay it
just clears it maybe what he meant is
not you can only use give or enchants it
was you have to use give and enchants
and being the operative word here so I'm
gonna be upset if you phrase this
incorrectly so I can use give myself a
dinosaur right as far Falls and don't
even think I need to do minecraft :
diamond sword I used a diamond sword
that works and then enchants
slash and shant I don't Dallas don't
know the syntax for this one because I
don't think I've used that before huh
okay well this is actually a lot easier
of a way to do it because you can use
plain words instead of ID values so it
looks like the way it works is as long
as I'm holding the item in my hand I can
just you have sparkles minecraft
sharpness and then five and then okay
okay okay so you need a meeting use both
shoot the blaze
what do you mean shoot the blaze I'm
gonna shoot it I don't vote it does say
you can use giver enchant or I can just
smack the blaze that one out
wow he hits harder that's not cool
okay oh that kind of thrust us into
things the frying pan and into the fire
but it's fine I got you dude Oh sharp
fly boy sharp five board yeah I was
expecting that I should have expected
more please please do not touch them so
well so far I thought at least good
Frick I got a really high score though
so that was cool okay we're back into
the action here I can just I can just
get them I could get my cell armor oh no
there's more blazes there's more blazes
oh jeez okay please please get them all
I don't want I can't really stop to give
myself a bow now can I don't really have
that luxury
shoot the blaze good god
oh god he's gonna he's gonna get me
again I can't really stop to get myself
armor either and even if when the
skeleton king dude is chillin in the
center then we have the blaze to contend
with brick
I just might ghost like witnessed him
take that damage all right you know me
too brick set me off of like rhythm I'm
so badly when you send out those
skeletons I can just pin him back into
the corner with it well-timed hits so
that I don't have to reset every time I
feel like that'll be good and he's not
really blocking either oh we got this
yeah that's what I'm talking about do we
take it thanks for playing
created by mr. caca fire like minimaps
by mr. caca fire before so this one was
slightly less frustrating although I
don't know how I pulled that command
block powered thing out I'll take it
okay anyway I'll link the map in the
description if you feel like crying
speedrun it yourself other than that
make sure like if you like check out the
playlist in the description if you want
to catch more maps and stuff subscribe
to the channel if you're not already and
feel free to check out the description
of the video for info on that award show
that I will be co-hosting with my own
pile on Sunday
pretty cool stuff I'll see you next time
[Music]
you